I've come over the battle Gabe
Norwood water
we're in three place we didn't
get your finished last week so
we got some catching up to do
right now we've got 11 fish my
goal at the beginning of the
season was to catch 12 but i
really want to do even better
than that if it's possible
wow you're that
yeah
to it hopefully just pick it up
here come on come on keep her
close
there we got number 12 we didn't
ya go
you know what you ready to go to
the devil and scar too damaged
one up I yeah like eight runs
right one
there you go there you go that's
hopefully put it in the book
oh you are now we have to I now
take it out of gear
have ya chaos
there's a good ball cause i got
gala
ok pull them up pull up pull up
guys body with the tail strap
gotta go going on the fish quick
see anyone in here down deep I'm
gonna get them who is your tail
yeah yeah that's the first day
we got three hanging it up Jay
coming up what's going on man
hey Dave how's it going
subject big trip we got three of
them
200-pound you 227 pounds 341
pounds strapped let's see what
they were well what are we
looking at baba nice three
Fisher yeah give you 20 12 all
the guys alright well done
$17 ok that's good we'll take it
we'll take it big 12 18 dolls
about he's better than all right
well done we pulled it up again
this is great
three fish brought us over 14
grand anybody could run away
with this day where it 25 yard
line is 10 minutes left in the
game
J&I going to put a blitz on and
show these other guys the old
girl can still do it